## Week 1 
  Hi, I'm BiggieBrains and I am a senior studying anthropology at Southern Illinois University. My interests include archaeology, cultural anthropology, bioanthropology, and forensic anthropology. I think I enjoy learning about cultural anthropological topics more than the others, but I enjoy being in the field doing archaeological digs and excavations. My passion lies in learning about shared experiences and theories of evolution/ human experience. 
## Week 2
  For week 2 we got started on Research Rabbit and learned how to create a collection and connect to our public class collection. We also explored google scholar a bit and saw the benefits of that search engine compared to regular search engines like google or bing. We also learned about using the Morris Library website on Salukinet to help us find books/ articles/ sources to help research in a scholarly way. 
## Week 3 
  I thought the Stanford Seminar about the magic of technology was very captivating, and definitely introduced me to some theories, topics, and history that I had previously never heard or thought of. I really loved her lesson she did about the watch/clocks and how thanks to technology, we were able to personalize time, and then we personalized the world around us with the invention of the telescope and microscope. I thought it was very helpful in understanding the relationship between history and technology, and how not only the world is different because of technology, but the way we perceive life and the grand scheme of things is vastly different than the mindsets people had in the 1600's. I also really enjoyed the second reading on Perusall. I can't lie, the first article was an extremely tough read for me, and I found myself struggling to grasp any information from it. However, "Technology and History" was another good lesson on the relationship between technology and society. After the first few pages, I found myself understanding more about the intricate role technology and machinery have in shaping the world, and how technology can have answers for one place, but not another: like the DDT that was harmful in western countries but impressively helped India bring down cases of Malaria. Both went hand in hand in describing the different views on technology and how its role has been both detrimental and beneficial at times. I was unable to access the public library on Zotero, but once I can access it I will update this blog. From the time I was able to mess around on Zotero and the tutorial, it seems like a beneficial software for researching and I am excited to understand it better. 
## Week 4
  This week we started getting familiar with digital notetaking, and getting comfortable trying out different softwares and seeing what type of notetaking works best for us as individuals. I decided to use OneNote, which wasn't too difficult to figure out after reading a tutorial. I used One Note to take notes on this week's readings on Perusall, and immediately I felt very confident that I would enjoy One Note. I found it very easy to create sections in different notebooks and structure the notes however I wanted. I do wish that it was able to create headers in the different sections so I couldv'e organized my notes the way I like, but after messing around on it, I actually think it might be easier to read the way the software is templated. As someone who has only ever used a pen and notebook, I believe I'll be using OneNote quite often. Regarding this weeks readings, I really enjoyed both articles, and thought that they touched on aspects of field notes that I had never considered. In the first reading, the thing that stood out to me the most was the section about the survey for field notes in Copenhagen and so many people were scared to show their field work because they were worried or guilty that it wouldn't suffice. I think it helped me understand the need for coverage on field notes, but more importantly how to take field notes. I also really enjoyed the second reading about using drawing as a way to take field notes and capture important moments. It had never occured to me that drawing could be an acceptable and useful way of documenting field work, and I wonder if it could work in a field other than culturally?
## Week 5
  This week we learned about accessability in Anthropology, and how we can make our projects and blogs more accessable to people with disabilities or conditions. We learned about how to include accessable links in blogs and articles, we learned about contrast in colors and how sometimes colors can make a reading very easy or very difficult. We also learned about apprpriate headings and how to accurately structure lists by using font/ font sizing, bold, color, etc. Another thing we learned about in terms of accessability is alternative text (context) and captions and transcripts. Each section was very eye openeing and honestly helped me realize that my projects and presentations I've made in the past wouldn't pass as accessable, and it is a good thing for me to be better at next time. I also really enjoyed the readings on Perusall, and I thought they were extremely relevant with this weeks content. I thought it was important to hear from disabled anthropologists and hear how they feel, because it made everything I had just learned feel important. 
## Week 6 
This week I chose a topic for my capstone project where I will study data between the correlation of migration and the economy and tell it narratively. I am pretty confident in my topic and i hope i wont have to change the whole topic again, seeing as it looks like there was a good amount of data and sources relating to it. I had a lot of issues trying to do the data library which I talked about in my fail log, and I plan on asking one of my peers about it when I see her tommorrow, even if it just helps me a little. I have not looked at the reading on Perusall yet, my wifi has been having a lot of issues this past month, basically crapping out every 5 minutes, and unfortunately I am very overwhelmed with nothing loading or saving or even working remotely, so I will be updating these once I get my wifi people out here to fix it. 
## Week 10
This week I scrolled on social media and interacted with digital anthropological media on social media where I found an interesting post about the laughing ceremony in the Navajo cultures. I also created a meme using Drake dissing on physical note taking and encouraging digital note taking on OneNote. I also did my 3rd check in, before moving over to Perusall where I read the 2 articles for the week. I actually really enjoyed the first reading, specifically where it was talking about how empathy is very much needed in anthropology, and how in order to really connect empathetically, you must first open your mind up to different experiences and put your walls down; you must be vulnerable. The second reading was a little harder to comment on because I feel like it was much more academic than the first one. I usually find, for me at least, that its harder for me to comment and annotate on more academic based articles than articles who are explaining skills and concepts rather than fact after fact. Overall this week was pretty easy, but I have missed the passed 3 weeks so I think I have no room to talk. 
## Week 12
This week we talked about photography and learned how to take effective photos and videos to encapsulate the interpretation we are trying to convey. We learned about the apparatus theory which is the theory that the technology and mechanics of filming can have an influence on the viewers perceptions and reinforce dominant ideologies. After learning about that, we were assigned to find an object and practice our own photography skills, one assignment replicating a museum exhibit and the second assignment in a different location to change the interpreatation. I don't know how to upload photos but they are on week 12 discussions. I have not made it around to assignment 3 yet because I have not had a chance to take time and find a kind soul to interview and photograph, but I'm hoping this weekend at work I can find a willing participant. I thought the reading on Perusall was helpful to fully understand how this week's content related to anthropology on a deeper level other than museum photography. It also reminded me of the photographs we had to learn to take in the field school, not only of the artifacts discovered, but of the excavation units and the entire site as a whole. I had never realized how crucial good and exact photography is in anthropology, but especially field work. I remember measuring my unit walls and the soil layers for over an hour and thinking this is so tedious because we'd need people to hold tarps above so there was no shadows, you could see the soil deposits clearly, while also physically documenting everything on paper uncluding image numbers. 
## Week 13
This week we covered the skill that is archives and read pieces from an experienced anthropologist who has done a lot of work using archives. Dr David Price explained the proccess of taking out and researching archives, and how to go about doing it for the first time. He also gave detailed instructions of what you can do to ensure your research is efficient by doing things like only requesting a certain number of boxes at once, taking pictures, writing down why each box was pulled, and other strategies that he's learned worked best for such a messy job. I thought these pieces were super informative and also encouraging; getting basically a guideline from someone so experienced in archival research was comforting, especially hearing he was way out of his league at first with every archive being slightly different. I learned a lot of interesting things about archives that I didn't know prior, although I had learned a tiny bit from field school where we kind of talked about pulling out county records from archives (i think) but also from a short class I took last year regarding Morris libraries resources and how to use them academically; although I admit I had never heard of the SCRC. The Dunham papers were definitely a headache for me, and I know cursive, I even often write in it. I think what made it so hard to transcribe the one page I did (which took me probably 2 hours) was the lead being smeared, mixed with the light background, caused some scuffs and blendings that made it hard to read. Ill talk more about it in my fail log for the week. 
## Week 14
Touch
	The textural sensation I’m choosing to translate is a sand dollar. I used to walk to Florida beaches with my best friend on vacations and find dried up sand dollars. The texture is tricky to verbalize… Sand dollars are light and feel bouyant (like they would float). To the touch they feel smooth and bumpy at the same time, a hard formation of thousands of granules of sand stuck together to form a small circle with ridges in the middle in the shape of a flower, and small ridges from the middle to the edges. On the bottom, they will have small spiky spines as legs that aren’t pointy to the touch but have some stiffness to them.  If intact, the edges will be soft and rounded from the force of the water and the tumbling through the waves. They feel exactly as if our quarters were made up of sand and other elements from the ocean floor.

Taste
	For my taste I will be choosing to translate the taste of cucumber. I am an avid cucumber hater and no one ever agrees that they have a taste and a smell, so let’s get to the bottom of this. Cucumber, to me, tastes like if you mixed 3 week old water with freshly cut grass. It is a boring taste, and in my opinion does not compliment any other food I have tried it with. It tastes almost as if they made a toothpaste flavor called foliage. It is dull but loud, not sour or sweet. It is overbearing and to me, almost has a taste of chemical cleaner. Perhaps it’s similar to the cilantro gene which alters the taste to people, but I would never willingly eat something that tastes like swamp water. 

Smell
	For my smell I am choosing to use the smell of gas. Gas has a particular smell because it is very fragrant and is almost overbearing. It is similar to when you cook a bunch of onions and garlic with seasonings, it is impossible to ignore the smell. Gas, however, smells almost spicy, and if you sniff to close it will burn your nose. It smells sour and comforting at the same time but also has a hint of sulfur or other chemicals. Sometimes it can even smell like eggs or when you cook down greens like cabbage. It is an overwhelming smell and can overpower other smells around it. 
  This week's assignment of translating touch, smell, and taste can enhance traditional written ethnographies, espcially touch. During my archaeological field school I learned that touch is very inportant. We used touch to decipher soils, ceramics, and artifacts which can sometimes be done by just looking, but ultimately touch is used to confirm those possibilities. We also used touch through our tongue a lot foe certain ceramics and also bone (not that we found a lot), but it is key in detailing excavations and findings but it also useful for learning and teaching. It definitely helps to understand the difference in a field where anything is possible, especially with soils and ceramics. 
